[Music]
increases it I live in New York City but
right now I am at CES 2018 I'm gonna put
out a droid polish video in a couple of
days I've been meeting up with a lot of
youtubers and I asked them some
questions
[Music]
not just guy here at CES so I don't
think you have a favorite seat yet but
has there been internet chatter is there
something that you're excited to
to the new HTC vive stuff looks really
interesting
I play around with the with the burst
version so I'm kind of interested to
check it out and see how the you guys it
is so hopefully I'll be checking that
out but I mean I literally just got here
and as soon as I walked in the lights
went off it wasn't my fault
I promise he got here in the central
hall powered
you
[Music]
I'm here on Zack so on his channel what
do you do you a lot of cell phone repair
and durability tests but basically every
new phone that comes out I think most of
my audience is kind of iPhone owners but
you so I want to ask you what is your
favorite Android did you like the pixel
are you a Samsung user what are your
thoughts under this year of smartphones
there were so many ok so this year in
smartphones basically anything that you
buy is going to be good so like you know
all of us cell phone like reviewers are
just nitpicking on the smallest things
but personally I use the Samsung the
Galaxy s8 because it has all of the
features that like a cell phone can have
wireless charging the the charging port
obviously and the headphone jack
we're like other phone manufacturers
like Apple you know they start taking
things away or don't include everything
and like the Apple users are just like
all this is fine we don't need all this
cool stuff but like that's not how I
live my life and I want everything I
will say this I did use a samsung you
know
for a solid amount of time and I liked
having the microSD and how you can like
transfer files really easily from
sweethearts it's nice but then you'd
have like the Apple like the MacBook Pro
you can't even use an SD card anymore
terrible who will win dan in the Tesla
or that's Jerry rigged in his truck 100%
my truck would he'll other than oh it's
not gonna happen
I mean he keeps saying that like we're
gonna go off-road and that's how he's
gonna do it and we are I had like five
levels of expansion in my shop have you
seen it's my truck
can you get around it not happening
we're gonna race no we're gonna race
he's gonna worry about that
bring a tow strap so I can drag the
carcass of his test do that the Tesla
pulling a semi-truck I will pull you out
of a mud surface we're gonna go up a
mountain
yeah anyway we've talked about this a
few times something I don't talk a lot
about on my channel is cards but we
don't need one in New York City that's
true in New York see I don't mean Texas
she probably had one like a pickup truck
my dad had yeah but so there's a lot of
great text around in cars but you have a
Tesla
I got rid of our model mess it was
rear-wheel drive as an older version and
in Utah when it snows you either get
snow tires 19-inch which I didn't like
the look of those and it still was kind
of dangerous or you just don't drive
your car in snow and so we got a model
next 100 devolving dual motor so all
wheel drive we love
so he gets the job done so you guys ask
questions on Twitter so I have a
cockroach for you
Tesla is king but what do you think
about the other electric vehicle at CSUN
a stand apart so there's been a few I
wrote in Buyten it's a new company and
it just did just announced their car
here two of their designers were the
ones that did the BMW i3 and i8 over the
last eighteen years so they have
experience in it's a Chinese based
company the car is beautiful the display
is one meter wide and the thing that I
like about it is it's based out of China
and so the costs are really low they're
targeting forty five thousand dollars
for our car that it was the concept car
that I wrote in but it had a lot of
features that were much nicer than the
Tesla see when it actually comes to
market our Sade's has a couple cars that
are coming out probably sooner than the
Bison car and I've ridden in those and I
of course Mercedes is a luxury brand so
that car should do really well so if I
had to say that I was going to switch
from a Tesla to something else I think
the most realistic one would be the
Mercedes
dan switching from Tesla is about like
generally creating at YouTube they're
gonna take you lots of attempts to find
your nation style or did you just go
with it what felt best so especially in
your channel what
there may be cutting things in half that
are expensive
so you get but you stuck to it and you
literally have found the coolest
and now you can see a lot of people will
try to but how did you find that so it
started you know like I was on YouTube
just voting family videos and monetizing
them and like learning about YouTube
hoping that we would make a little bit
of money on it but I didn't know much
about like the algorithm and how things
work and so the thing that really helped
was we can add a second grade science
project you want to know if the side
sports balls we cut those open within a
year all the sudden one day we made $4
in ad revenue on one day I was like okay
maybe what's inside is our thing right
and so I was gonna do like what's inside
of sports balls it was a set of balls
cuz I thought like that was kind of
funny my wife's like you're gonna run
out of balls to cut open call it what's
inside so we named it what's inside and
good thing because it's kind of opened
up I mean we didn't know much about
YouTube the algorithm how to act on
camera I would say if somebody is really
wanting to be on YouTube make sure that
you spend the time like there's enough
articles out there there's enough
YouTube tip videos that are out there
just do the research and Google
and go watch the videos and then find a
regular it's not about like do you punt
and post once and every day or do you
post once a week it's finding a schedule
that works for you YouTube favours
regularity so ok so I have a question
we're turning it around I threw it out
there to Twitter no I didn't but here's
the question that I have have you ever
edited a video in Final Cut Pro and what
did you think
yes ok ok so I actually started in Final
Cut Pro 7 that was my main editing
system so I was in Final Cut when they
made the move to 10 or better and so I
was so shocked by it that I used it once
but and I was like I can and so Adobe
Premiere has a similar layout just like
as a transition at that point yeah yeah
but I understand rendering trends and
all that yes but I save more time just
the way I get around the interface and
you know the shortcuts I have
let's take a little bit of a break from
the CES floor so this is my first CES
and I'm only here for two days I'm so
stoked because the only reason why I'm
actually here is Jovie like Joby
Gorillapod something that is literally
every single day Jovie sent me out to
CES to cover it for them so I have a
sick video coming out so just my
experience at CES hopefully coming out
very very soon but I wanted to get
something up because I've been meeting
so many people and seeing so much tech
it's very hard to balance the seeing
what you really want to see I definitely
am learning a lot and since this is my
first CES hopefully I can get better at
covering it for the years to come such a
beautiful day outside two in New York
it's snowing it's terrible yesterday in
Vegas is actually raining it was raining
so hard yes I've been going go on go and
I actually got off of a plane very early
yesterday from Atlanta Georgia actually
went to the national college
championship game and I also
some interviews at a music
so things have been busy and fun but I
just wanted to do a quick like hello hi
how are you so hopefully you guys enjoy
it it's kind of part one of the CES
experience I just wanted it to interview
and say hi to you know the other
youtubers that are there they're giving
talks and speeches and running panels
and just they're getting have roberto
blake with me let's go of beach BAM
youtuber internet her business dude you
do all the things all the things
creative entrepreneur creative
entrepreneurs so I took to Twitter ask
some questions and one that stood out to
me was how to get your first 1k
followers on social and does the number
of followers you have really matter so
what Roberto is great at is I think
optimizing your subscribers optimizing
what you have so I know he has a ton of
good advice the more subscribers you
have that's leverage that you can use
that gets you attention but it's what
you do with that attention that matters
at the end of the day one view might be
the right view and I know you guys have
heard that before but it's true one view
is the view that counts toward a brand
deal one view is the
speaking engagement one view is the
person it's not hire you one view is you
possibly meeting someone when to being
the love of your life so getting a
million views may not matter if they're
not quality views but one view being the
right view is always important so don't
worry about the numbers or about the
relationship buying people and find
communities and conversations where
people are talking about the thing that
you like to talk about that you will
make your friends and family's ears
bleed with both at Star Wars Harry
Potter camera gear computer networking
whatever it is just find those people
find your lunch table in the digital
world
[Music]